as we get set for the 11th qualifying
session of 2013 and the question is can
anyone go faster than Marco Andretti
around the track that they call the
tricky triangle should be a good one
yeah will be a good one Mike I mean this
is a great racetrack and it's a lot of
fun to drive with with the different
banking in each corner each you know
it's a triangle and there's only three
quarters on this racetrack but each
corner is completely different but to
all eyes on track right now this could
be this could be the fastest lap today
because he's been the fastest time on
track every time he's been on track so
far well this is marco andretti everyone
anticipating the driver from Nazareth
Pennsylvania will be the new single lap
track record holder here and certainly
with the two lap record qualifying that
will go into the books as well as far as
the IndyCar Series record books go so
we'll keep our eye on the number 25 RC
Cola car already off the tunnel turn
setting up for turn number three the six
degree banking of turn 31 now spit him
out on to the front straight long front
straight is he'll see the white flag
white flag will wave over the 25 RC Cola
car and Davey the first lap 221 point
170 miles an hour so Marco baby is
backing up what he did in this morning's
crash accident right up no problem
whatsoever winds changed a little bit no
other cars on track he's doing it by
himself but he's posting number Z that
he practiced with at this point Davey
the only driver to surpass the 221 mile
an hour barrier in either a practice or
testing here this week so Marco Andretti
right now the guy to beat out on track
and getting ready to wrap up lap number
two as he is already now in the apex of
turn number three back onto the front
straight here comes marco andretti he'll
see the checkered flag will he wind up
with a run good enough for a pole well
certainly everyone will be chasing him
the second lap is quicker 220 1.3 77
miles an hour the two-lap average 221
point 273 and Davey that gives him the
track record right now by right at 10
miles an hour over that record that had
previously held by Emerson
as we watch the line of james
hinchcliffe off of turn number one as he
motors to turn to looks good going down
through turned to right Mike and that's
a the Indy 500 corner but they call it
gets through their wide open for sure
nice and smooth and we'll see if he
could top his teammate Marco Andretti
Marco Andretti the provisional pole
sitter with the two-lap average of two
twenty one point two seven three looks
like hints based on what we saw on the
warm-up lap could contend here he'll see
the white flag across the line first lap
not quick enough boy what a good run put
them in that second position right now
bumping his teammate Hinchcliffe to the
outside of the front could it be that
Andretti Autosport will sweep the front
row here right now your provisional
front row will be Marco Andretti Ryan
hunter-reay and James Hinchcliffe with
yet a fourth and ready car to qualify in
each a visa of the dayglo primarily
dayglo orange number five car easy to
find out on track with the accents on it
that first lap not bad two hundred 19.95
to and davey if he can maintain that
that would give Andretti Autosport the
first four spots on the grill hit hard
into the wall oh so ej viso in turn one
was looking for that fourth spot on the
grid but instead finds the safer barrier
Davion leaves a big mark on the outside
of the safer barrier there and turned
number one our first incident of the
weekend as he hits very hard and was
probably carrying somewhere in the
neighborhood of 216 maybe 218 miles an
hour through that corner
may I warm-up lap for kanade who a 220
18.03 one is the warm-up lap for Tony
Kanaan the Indianapolis 500 mile race
winner the team might say we don't put
any more into this for that
million-dollar bonus we're not thinking
about the triple crown but somewhere in
the back of their head it's got to be
rattling yeah a million dollars we keeps
that a lot of money but Tony's he's
laying it down that's the fastest
warm-up lap for sure that we've seen and
let's remember too that he is a long way
from being out of the championship Davey
comes in fifth in points they just need
to find something good here and
hopefully they'll find in here and
Pocono as I know how hard Bryan Herta
and Steve Nui want things to go well
with with this team and they know they
have a good driver in alex tagliani it
just seems to be the oddest things to
keep creeping up 260 000 just as we say
we hope something good is going to
happen for Alex Tagliani Davey he winds
up in the wall the second incident of
this session we'll take a look at the
replay but for Alex Tagliani a very very
difficult way to end this qualifying
session I took everything i described
the thought a little bit and it took
everything in me to keep my foot down
for the rest of the run and just
frantically working on the tools and and
over the two laps just trying to make it
all you know come together and stay in
one piece and it's just big credit like
guys I mean to have the cars one two
three and huge congrats tomorrow coats
this as a race fan it's pretty cool to
see in and ready on pole here Pocono on
to come back and you know we feel office
Lee really bad for AJ he was right on
pace to be right with us and it could
have been you know top four sweet but we
got the front row which is awesome super
proud of the whole team but for the
godaddy car to be where we are now after
what happened in that run we're really
pleased they called the tricky triangle
I'm gonna say it's tricky I mean it was
it was very hard to you know keep on top
of your tools and everything so
challenging qualifying around probably
the one of the most challenging ovals or
triangles I've ever been to
it was a good run for a dirty autosport
they'll very proud of these guys and
they put keep putting great race cars on
the track 400 laps tomorrow is going to
be going to be tough and we have a whole
new set of challenges coming at us for
the night practice and and preparing for
tomorrow so hopefully a number one DHL
Chevy you'll be up there at the end we
got everything out of it so we could ask
for so honest even if we ended up third
I wasn't gonna be too bummed just
because I knew there wasn't much we
could do you know nowadays you can't
count your chickens because IndyCar
racing so competitive five guys could
get it right you know so that's what I
was waiting for yeah it feels good man I
mean you know the RC Cola boys deserve
it we've been quick ever since we rolled
off here in April so we've adapted to
the new rules and you know everything's
so far so good hopefully hopefully we
could sweep this thing Marco Andretti in
the 25 RC Cola car right now I have have
seen a lot of action at the front of the
field when it comes to starts here in
the izod indycar series so once again
the front row for tomorrow afternoon's
event here at Pocono the Pocono IndyCar
400 powered by sunoco it will be an all
Andretti Autosport front row led by
Marco Andretti Ryan hunter-reay and
james hinchcliffe